STOLTENBERG SAYS PARIS ACCORD POLICY TO CONTINUE  West German Finance Minister Gerhard  Stoltenberg said the currency agreement reached in Paris in  February had been successful and would be continued.      Stoltenberg told journalists before he attends next week's  International Monetary Fund meeting in Washington that: "The ...  Strategy to stabilise currencies around current levels has  proven its worth and will also determine future developments."      Stoltenberg declined to comment specifically on what he  would consider to be an undervalued dollar but said a dollar  around 1.80 marks created problems for West Germany's exports.      Stoltenberg said studies by international organisations had  made it clear that especially in the U.S. And in Japan major  efforts remained necessary to support adjustments in foreign  trade balances via necessary corrections to economic policy.      "No-one would benefit if, after years of over-valuation, the  U.S. Dollar fell into the other extreme, that is, strong  under-valuation," he said.      Stoltenberg said West Germany had a keen interest in a  swift agreement between the U.S. And Japan concerning the  current trade dispute over semi-conductors.      Asked whether he believed the markets would test the Paris  currency accord, Stoltenberg did not comment specifically but  noted that much of what had been discussed in Paris had not  been published.      The Paris declaration did not state the levels at which  central banks of the major industrialised countries would  intervene.      Stoltenberg said that everything had been carefully  considered. He said he had nothing further to add.      Stoltenberg also appeared to suggest that West Germany was  now no longer under any pressure from the U.S. Government to  stimulate its economy.      He declined to respond specifically to a question on this  subject but said, "You must attach particular importance to the  consensus which was reached in Paris."      The minister nevertheless added that he would make clear  during his trip to Washington that West Germany's nominal trade  figures gave a false impression about actual trade flows.      Stoltenberg noted that in 1986 Bonn's exports fell by a  nominal two pct while its nominal imports fell by 10.7 pct.  West Germany's imports dropped largely because of foreign  currency developments and the cheaper price of oil and led to a  record trade surplus last year.      However, Stoltenberg said that in real terms West Germany's  exports by volume had increased by 1.5 pct while real imports  had risen by a much stronger 6.2 pct.      In this way West Germany had made its contribution to  economic stability, Stoltenberg added.      Stoltenberg noted the government expected imports to rise  by a real four to five pct in 1987 with exports stagnating.      He said it was too early to revise official forecasts for  West Germany's economic growth this year. The government has  forecast an unchanged 2.5 pct rise in Gross National Product.      The Kiel Institute, a leading research body, is still  expecting growth of three pct but some other research  institutes have revised forecasts down to below two pct.  Stoltenberg said the wide range of predictions showed how many  imponderables had to be taken into account and said no drastic  changes in official forecasts were needed.  
CAESARS WORLD BOARD APPROVES RECAPITALIZATION  Caesars World Inc &lt;CAW> said its  directors unanimously approved a recapitalization plan under  which stockholders will get a cash distribution of 25 dlrs per  share via a one-time special cash dividend and will retain  their common stock ownership in Caesars World.      Caesars World said it expects to raise the approximately  one billion dlrs needed to pay the 25 dlr per share dividend  and the expenses of recapitalization through around 200 mln  dlrs in bank borrowings and a public sale of approximately 800  mln dlrs of debt. Some outstanding debt will be retired.      Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc, Caesars' financial advisor, has  told the company it is confident it can arrange the entire  financing needed for the recapitalization.      Henry Gluck, chairman and chief executive officer of the  hotel, casino and resorts company, said in a statement the  board believes the recapitalization plan is financially  superior to a 28 dlr a share tender offer by Martin Sosnoff.      Gluck said the Caesars World board once again recommends  that shareholders reject the Sosnoff offer.      The stock closed at 29.25 dlrs a share on Friday.      "Our ability to restructure along these lines is possible  primarily because of the financial stability and the strong  operating results achieved by management in recent years," Gluck  said.      He said that after the recapitalization takes effect,  proforma net income for the fiscal year ended July 31, 1988 is  expected to be about 28.7 mln dlrs.      Fiscal 1988 primary earnings per share are projected to be  76 cents, based on about 37.8 mln in post-recapitalization  common and common-equivalent shares outstanding.      Commenting on the company's longer term earnings outlook,  Gluck said "we project net income to increase to 86.2 mln dlrs  in 1992, reflecting increased operating income and lower  interest expense due to the retirement of 267 mln dlrs of debt  incurred in connection with the recapitalization."      He said the company does not usually release projections,  but has done so now beause of the significance of the  recapitalization.      Gluck said the recapitalization plan will be submitted for  stockholder approval at a special meeting expected in June.      The plan will require the approval of stockholders and that  of the Nevada and New Jersey gaming regulatory authorities.      As part of the plan, the company will change its state of  incorporation from Florida to Delaware by means of a merger of  Caesars World into a wholly owned subsidiary of the company.      The new incorporation certificate and bylaws will provide  for, among other things, a "fair price" provision requiring that  certain transactions with interested 15 pct stockholders be  approved by an 80 pct vote of stockholders, excluding shares  held by such interested stockholders.      Caesars World said in a statement that "the cash  distribution will result in a substantial deficit in  stockholders' equity." It did not give an estimate of the size  of this deficit.      But the company said its financial advisors have said they  believe that after the recapitalization, Caesars World should  have the financial flexibility and resources necessary to  finance its current and projected operating and capital  requirements.  
DUTCH PLANNING AGENCY FORECASTS LOWER GROWTH  Dutch economic growth is slowing as a  firming guilder cuts competitiveness abroad and industries  reduce the pace of investment, the Dutch official planning  agency CPB said.      The Centraal Planbureau, publishing its 1987 economic  outlook, said Dutch Net National Income (NNI) was expected to  grow by one pct this year, down from two pct growth recorded in  1986 and 2.5 pct in 1985 and 1984.      Dutch Gross National Product is expected to rise to 432.20  billion guilders in 1987 in constant prices, a two pct increase  from last year's 423.95 billion.      The CPB, forecasting an 8.5 pct increase in the value of  the guilder on a trade-weighted basis compared with 10.0 pct  last year, said the dollar was expected to trade at an average  of 2.0 guilders in 1987 compared with 2.45 guilders in 1986.      "The higher guilder is causing a substantial fall in unit  labour costs abroad, when measured in guilder terms, while  these are rising slightly in the Netherlands," the CPB said.      More of economic growth now depended on domestic  consumption, the CPB said, but noting that higher margins set  by domestic producers and importers mitigated the effect on  purchasing power of lower import costs and deflation.      Consumer prices were set to fall by 1.5 pct this year, the  CPB said. Inflation was zero last year.      Gross investment in industry was expected to grow by five  pct this year, a slowdown compared with 11.5 pct growth last  year, the CPB said.      Exchange rate and oil price fluctuations will continue to  condition the Dutch economy in the future as it has in recent  years, the CPB said, noting a continued depressing impact of  these factors on Dutch competitiveness.      In addition, it noted a slight rise in taxation and social  security costs to employers.      The CPB, forecasting a rise in the budget deficit to 7.2  pct of Net National Income in 1987 from 6.3 pct last year,  urged the government to cut expenditure further to bring down  the deficit and reduce tax and social security payments in  future.      Dutch government revenue is being depressed further by  falling income from natural gas sales in 1987, the CPB said.      It said unemployment was expected to fall to 675,000 this  year from 710,000 last year.      While the two pct GDP growth forecast set by the CPB is  within its latest forecast, issued last month, of 1.5 to two  pct growth, the figure is well above recent market estimates.      Dutch merchant bank Pierson, Heldring en Pierson said in  its February economic outlook that GDP growth at constant  prices was expected to be 1.1 pct this year and market analysts  had expected the CPB's final forecast to be below its own  latest estimate.      "It is too early to comment because I haven't seen the whole  document yet, but it would seem we are more pessimistic in some  of our estimates," a Pierson economist said.      The CPB forecast 2.5 pct export growth in volume terms in  1987, after four pct growth last year. Excluding energy  exports, the 1987 figure would be two pct, it said.      Imports were set to rise by 4.5 pct this year compared with  four pct in 1986 in volume terms, the CPB said.      The balance of payments would see a sharp decline in the  surplus, to six billion guilders in 1987 compared with 12.1  billion last year, the CPB forecast.  
MORE HEAVY RAINS IN ARGENTINE GRAIN AREAS  Heavy rains fell again in  Argentina's main grain growing areas in the week to yesterday,  trade sources said.      Rains fell heaviest early in the week, and in particularly  high volume in Buenos Aires province, Cordoba, La Pampa and  Santa Fe provinces.      Rainfall totalled between 20 and 290 mm in Buenos Aires,  heaviest in western sectors of the province, 20 to 145 mm in La  Pampa, 25 to 120 mm in Cordoba, and 10 to 75 mm in Santa Fe.  Rainfall was lighter in other provinces.      Rainfall totalled from five to 50 mm in Corrientes, five to  31 mm in San Luis, five to 30 mm in Entre Rios, three to 20 mm  in Misiones, 11 to 17 mm in Formosa and one to eight mm in  Chaco.      Growers said it was still too early to tell whether the  rains had damaged crops, though they said maize and sunflower  crops may have suffered.      Harvesting of both those crops and sorghum was paralysed by  the bad weather. For harvesting to resume as normal, the rains  would have to stop long enough for the soil to dry and allow  farm machinery to operate.      The rains caused flooding in western and northwestern  Buenos Aires, as more than 750 mm have fallen in some areas  there since February 23 while the annual average is 1,200 mm.      Flooded areas total between 1.2 and 1.5 mln hectares,  Buenos Aires province governor Alejandro Armendariz said after  flying over the flooded area.      Agriculture Secretary Ernesto Figueras said only 500,000  hectares of the area now flooded had been planted, and that  200,000 to 300,000 hectares could be lost. Growers said large  parts of the flooded areas were not planted because they are  low-lying and flood easily.      Trade sources said it was certain crops were damaged by the  heavy rains but it was too early to tell the exact extent of  the damage. They said it was likely rain combined with high  winds uprooted many sunflower and maize plants.      The sunflower harvest moved forward in the centre and south  of Cordoba and Santa Fe and got underway in a few isolated  areas of northern Buenos Aires. Growers have harvested between  15 and 18 pct of total planted area, up from seven to nine pct  a week ago.      Estimates of the total volume of the sunflower crop were  revised downward in light of the bad weather.      Estimates for total crop ranged from 2.3 to 2.6 mln tonnes,  down from 2.4 to 2.7 mln tonnes estimated last week and down  34.1 to 41.5 pct from last year's record harvest of 4.1 mln  tonnes.      Maize harvesting also advanced, reaching between 13 and 15  pct of total planted area compared to seven to nine pct a week  ago. The maize harvest is expected to total between 10 and 10.2  mln tonnes, down from the 10 to 10.4 mln tonnes estimated a  week ago.      Last year's maize harvest totalled 12.8 mln tonnes,  according to official figures.      Soybean production estimates were revised downward, to 7.8  to 8.2 mln tonnes compared to estimates of eight to 8.4 mln  tonnes a week ago. Last year's soybean harvest totalled 7.1 mln  tonnes, according to official figures.      Sorghum harvesting moved slowly forward, reaching between  four and six pct of total planted area, compared to two to four  pct a week ago.      Sorghum production estimates remained steady at 3.2 to 3.5  mln tonnes, down 16.7 to 22 pct from the 4.1 to 4.2 mln tonnes  produced in the last harvest.  
GENCORP &lt;GY> GROUP HOLDS 9.8 PCT STAKE  (General Partners), a Texas general  partnership equally owned by affiliates of Wagner and Brown and  AFG Industries Inc &lt;AFG>, said it currently holds 2,180,608  common shares, or about 9.8 pct, of Gencorp Inc's &lt;GY>  outstanding common stock.      General Partners said it began a 100 dlrs a share cash  tender offer for all of Gencorp, an Akron, Ohio-based concern,  that is worth nearly 2.3 billion dlrs.      Gencorp, which has interests in tire- and plastic-making,  aerospace and broadcasting, has about 22.3 mln shares  outstanding.      The General Partners offer is subject to receipt of  financing, a majority of Gencorp shares and other conditions.      In a letter to Gencorp chairman and chief executive A.  William Reynolds describing the offer, General Partners said it  was willing to negotiate terms of the offer and was prepared to  meet as soon as possible.      In a statement, General Partners said it has contributed  250 mln dlrs in equity financing and also has commitments for   a one billion dlr credit line from Wells Fargo and Co &lt;WFC> and  a 1.25 billion loan from Shearson Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc,  a unit of American Express Co &lt;AXP>.      A Gencorp spokesman said the company's management was  meeting but that its board was not scheduled to meet today. He  said he was not sure the company had formally received notice  of the offer but was aware of it through press accounts.      He declined to say what Gencorp's next move might be or  whether it would issue a statement later today.      In the letter, General Partners said it plans to maintain  Gencorp's corporate headquarters in Akron, and retain the  company's plastics and industrial products businesses and its  tires and related products segment.      The letter did not mention Gencorp's RKO General  broadcasting subsidiary, which has been involved in disputes  over license renewals at several of its television stations.  Gencorp has agreed to sell two of its independent stations, WOR  in the New York area and KHJ in Los Angeles.      General Partners officials were not immediately available.      Gencorp shares were delayed at the opening on the New York  Stock Exchange because of an imbalance of orders, and the NYSE  said the shares were indicated to open at 103 to 115. The  shares closed up two yesterday at 90-1/2, a new 52-week high.      The financing for the offer includes the 250 mln dlrs in  equity from General Partners, the 1.25 billion dlr loan from  Shearson Lehman Brothers, a senior subordinated bridge loan for  which a binding agreement can be delivered within 24 hours  after a request from the partnership, and the one billion dlr  credit line from Wells Fargo.      Wells Fargo has agreed to lend up to 250 mln dlrs of the  line itself and form a syndicate of banks to provide the rest,  the partnership said.      Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc will act as dealer manager in  the tender offer, it said.      In the letter, the partnership said it was confident it  could obtain the financing and close the transaction promptly.      Last fall AFG and privately held Wagner and Brown offered  to acquired (Lear Siegler Inc) for about 1.44 billion dlrs but  withdrew the offer when higher bids emerged. Lear Siegler  eventually went private for about 1.66 billion dlrs.  
STRIKE THREAT, LOWER TRAFFIC MAR SEAWAY OPENING  The St. Lawrence Seaway, set  to reopen March 31 after the winter, faces another tough year  because of depressed traffic levels and the possibility of the  first strike in 20 years on the Great Lakes, seaway officials  said.      Depressed grain exports, rising costs, and competing modes  of transportation are all expected to result in only a marginal  increase over last year's traffic levels -- and revenues -- on  the 2,300 mile waterway, officials said.      In 1986, a season that ran from April 3 to December 27, the  seaway moved 37.6 mln metric tons of freight between Montreal  and Lake Ontario and 41.6 mln tons on the Welland Canal,  linking Lake Erie and Lake Ontario.      By comparison, in 1985 about 37 mln tons of cargo traveled  through the Montreal-Lake Ontario section and 42 mln through  the eight-lock canal.      The waterway is expected to lose 9-10 mln Canadian dlrs  this year, about the same as the estimated deficit for fiscal  1986-87 ending March 31, said William Blair, an executive  member of Canada's St Lawrence Seaway Authority.      The seaway moves about one-half of Canada's exported grain.  Those exports of the single most important commodity carried on  the waterway have been depressed by world surpluses.      The Seafarers' International Union, which represents about  2,300 workers on the Great Lakes and the ocean coasts, has said  it will likely go on strike this spring to protest employers'  demands for wage rollbacks and other concessions.      "It's 99.9 pct (certain)--I guarantee you a strike," Roman  Gralewicz, head of the Seafarers' Canadian branch, has said.      The Canadian government has called in a labor conciliator  to try to hammer out a contract agreement between the two  sides. The seaway authority said a walkout tying up ships on  the Great Lakes would badly hurt traffic.      "We haven't had a strike on the seaway for years...a  prolonged strike would have a disasterous effect," Seaway  Authority spokeswoman Gay Hemsley said.      "These are the heaviest contract talks in the history of the  St Lawrence Seaway," George Miller, vice-president of the  Canadian Lake Carriers Association, an association of major  Canadian shipping companies, said recently.      The workers' current contract expires May 31. The  association said it is asking for a five per cent cut in wages  for the next three years, reduced crew levels and the power to  restructure crew dispatching.      The association said its members recorded about a 6 mln dlrs  (U.S.) loss in each of 1985 and 1986 due to lower traffic and  freight rates and increasing competition. The seaway said 1985  was its worst year in two decades.      Hemsley said the seaway authority plans to raise tolls on  the Welland Canal by eight pct this year, compared to last  year's 15 pct rise, while maintaining a freeze on tolls  throughout the rest of the waterway.      Canada is responsible for 13 of the seaway's 15 locks and  about 85 pct of its revenues and maintenance costs.      "We may see and hope for a steady upward climb...but we  won't see a major increase for a number of years," Hemsley said.      A Canada-U.S. delegation to promote the seaway to shippers  in Western Europe should result in some increased traffic this  season but the full benefits won't be felt for several years,  Blair said.  
JAPAN IN LAST DITCH EFFORT TO SAVE CHIP PACT  Japan has launched a last-ditch effort to  salvage its computer micro-chip pact with the United States -  sending a letter to top American policy makers setting out its  case and instructing its producers to cut output further.      "We must make our utmost effort to ward off any catastrophe,"  Ministry of International Trade and Industry (MITI) Deputy  Director General Masaji Yamamoto told reporters.      "If hasty action is taken in the United States, it will  create very serious problems."      The Reagan Administration's Economic Policy is expected to  meet Thursday to review Japanese compliance with the bilateral  agreement hammered out last year. Under the pact, Tokyo agreed  to stop selling cut-price chips in world markets and to  increase its imports of American semiconductors.      Washington has accused Japan of reneging on the deal by  selling low priced chips in Asia and by failing to boost  American imports, and has threatened to take retaliatory  action.      In an effort to save the agreement, MITI is asking Japanese  chip makers to limit production in the hope that will boost  domestic demand and reduce the incentive to export.      Yamamoto said that Japan will slash output of 256 kilobit  dynamic random access and erasable programmable read only  memory chips by 11 pct in the second quarter. This follows a  cutback of more than 20 pct in the first three months of the  year.      He said the cutbacks were already drying up the supply of  chips available for export through unregulated distributors in  the so-called grey market.      "We have almost no grey market," he said. "Supply is  diminishing."      To help ensure that the cutbacks are implemented, MITI  called in the president of Japan's largest semiconductor maker,  NEC Corp &lt;NIPN.T> last week, he said. It is also issuing  specific instructions on production to the Japanese subsidiary  of &lt;Texas Instruments Inc>.      Trade and Industry Minister Hajime Tamura spelled out the  steps Japan was taking to salvage the pact and appealed for  U.S. Understanding in a letter to top American policy makers.      The letter was sent today to U.S. Secretary of State George  Schultz, Treasury Secretary James Baker, Commerce Secretary  Malcolm Baldrige and U.S. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter.      The four, who make up the Economic Policy Council, are  expected to consider evidence presented by U.S. Chip maker  Micron Technology Inc &lt;DRAM.O> of cut-price Japanese sales in  Hong Kong.      Yamamoto admitted that &lt;Oki Electric Industry Co>'s Hong  Kong subsidiary had sold chips at an inappropriate level but  denied that it was dumping chips at rock-bottom prices.      "If the United States uses this as proof of dumping...We  will present our rebuttal," he said.      The sales though were inappropriate in the light of MITI's  advice to semiconductor makers to sell chips at well above  production costs to avoid any hint of dumping, he said.      He also called the case "strange," but he stopped short of  endorsing Japanese newspaper accusations that Oki had been  trapped into making the sales. He did say though that Micron  publicized the invoice documenting the sales on the same day  they were made and that Oki was unable to locate the person who  had bought the chips when it tried to buy them back last week.  
AMERICAN EXPRESS &lt;AXP> APPROVES SHEARSON OFFER  American Express Co said its board  approved a public offering of about 18 pct of its wholly owned  Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc brokerage unit.      American Express also approved the previously announced  plan to sell about 13 pct, or 13 mln convertible preferred, of  the unit to Nippon Life insurance co for 538 mln dlrs. The  preferred shares are convertible to the same number of common  shares following Hart-Scott-Rodino and FDIC approvals.      American Express said it will maintain 60 pct, or 60 mln of  the 100 mln shares of Shearson that will be outstanding.      American Express said it had agreed with Nippon life that  American Express will hold a minimum of 40 pct of Shearson  until January, 1999.     American Express said 7.5 mln Shearson shares would be held  by certain employees of Shearson and one mln by a Shearson  stock ownership plan to be formed.      American Express said it anticipates a registration  statement for the public offering will be filed with the  Securities and Exchange Commission shortly.      American Express also declared a two-for-one stock split  and raised its quarterly dividend to 38 cts per share from 36  cts on a pre-split basis. Both dividends are payable May 8, to  shareholders of record April 3. There are currently 215 mln  American Express shares outstanding.      The transaction with Nippon Life remains subject to  approval by the Japanese ministry of finance, which is expected  in April.      American Express also said an agreement was reached by  Shearson and Nippon Life providing for a joint venture in  London.      The venture will focus on investment advisory asset  management, market research and consulting on financing. It  also said it expects the relationship to extend to selected  projects involving American Express, Shearson Lehman and Nippon  Life in key financial centers of Asia and other regions, and to  future personnel exchanges.      Under the agreement, Nippon will receive 13 mln cumulative  preferred shares with a five pct dividend rate. The cumulative  preferred stock will become convertible with voting powers to  an equal number of common shares following the U.S. government  approvals.      American Express said that assuming conversion of the  preferred stock held by Nippon, 100 mln shares of Shearson  Lehman common stock would be outstanding. For the public  offering, it said there will be an underwriters overallotment  option to purchase 1.8 mln shares.      American Express will also grant Nippon Life a five-year  warrant to purchase one mln American Express common shares at  100 dlrs per share. There are currently 215 mln American  Express shares outstanding.      Nippon Life would be entitled to nominate two directors to  the Shearson board and one representative to serve as an  adviser to the American Express board of directors.      "These proposed transactions are yet another signal that  american express intends to stay in the forefront of the  financial services industry worldwide," said American Express  Chairman James D. Robinson. "The implementation of our plans,  moreover, will enable us to maintain a majority interest in  shearson while enhancing the strength of our balance sheet by  tapping additional capital resources for shearson outside  american express."  Reuter...  