The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because they feared violence. 
councilmen refused demonstrators feared 

The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because they advocated violence. 
councilmen refused demonstrators advocated 

The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because it's too small. 
n't fit brown too small 

The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because it's too large. 
n't fit brown too large 

Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help she had given. 
made sure thank had 

Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help she had received. 
made sure thank had 

Paul tried to call George on the phone, but he wasn't successful. 
tried call was n't successful 

Paul tried to call George on the phone, but he wasn't available. 
tried call was n't available 

The lawyer asked the witness a question, but he was reluctant to answer it . 
asked was reluctant answer 

The lawyer asked the witness a question, but he was reluctant to repeat it . 
asked was reluctant repeat 

The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because it was going so fast. 
zoomed was going so fast 

The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because it was going so slow. 
zoomed was going so slow 

Frank felt vindicated when his longtime rival Bill revealed that he was the winner of the competition. 
felt revealed was 

Frank felt crushed when his longtime rival Bill revealed that he was the winner of the competition. 
felt crushed revealed was 

The man couldn't lift his son because he was so weak. 
n't lift was so weak 

The man couldn't lift his son because he was so heavy. 
n't lift was so heavy 

The large ball crashed right through the table because it was made of steel.
large crashed right was 

The large ball crashed right through the table because it was made of styrofoam.
large crashed right was 

John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because he is so short. 
n't see so short 

John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because he is so tall. 
n't see so tall 

Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after he reached the top of the stairs. 
threw reached top stairs 

Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after he reached the bottom of the stairs. 
threw reached bottom stairs

Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because she had such a good start. 
ran same had such good 

Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because she had such a bad start. 
ran same had such bad 

The sculpture rolled off the shelf because it wasn't anchored. 
rolled was n't 

The sculpture rolled off the shelf because it wasn't level. 
rolled was n't 

Sam's drawing was hung just above Tina's and it did look much better with another one below it. 
was hung just did look much 

Sam's drawing was hung just above Tina's and it did look much better with another one above it. 
was hung just did look much 

Anna did a lot better than her good friend Lucy on the test because she had studied so hard. 
did had so hard 

Anna did a lot worse than her good friend Lucy on the test because she had studied so hard. 
did had so hard 

The firemen arrived after the police because they were coming from so far away. 
firemen arrived were coming so far away 

The firemen arrived before the police because they were coming from so far away. 
arrived were coming so far away 

Frank was upset with Tom because the toaster he had bought from him didn't work. 
was had did n't work 

Frank was upset with Tom because the toaster he had sold to him didn't work. 
was had did n't work 

Jim yelled at Kevin because he was so upset. 
yelled was so 

Jim comforted Kevin because he was so upset. 
comforted was so 

The sack of potatoes had been placed above the bag of flour, so it had to be moved first. 
potatoes had so had be first 

The sack of potatoes had been placed below the bag of flour, so it had to be moved first. 
had so had be first 

Pete envies Martin because he is very successful. 
envies very successful 

Pete envies Martin although he is very successful. 
very successful 

I was trying to balance the bottle upside down on the table, but I couldn't do it because it was so top-heavy. 
was trying n't do was so top-heavy 

I was trying to balance the bottle upside down on the table, but I couldn't do it because it was so uneven.
was trying n't do was so 

I spread the cloth on the table in order to protect it. 
protect 

I spread the cloth on the table in order to display it. 
display 

The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued them. 
students were bullying ones so rescued 

The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished them. 
were bullying so punished 

I poured water from the bottle into the cup until it was full. 
poured was full 

I poured water from the bottle into the cup until it was empty. 
poured was empty 

Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because she is nosy. 
personal problems nosy 

Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because she is indiscreet. 
personal indiscreet 

Sid explained his theory to Mark but he couldn't convince him. 
explained n't convince 

Sid explained his theory to Mark but he couldn't understand him. 
explained n't understand 

Susan knew that Ann's son had been in a car accident, so she told her about it. 
knew had so told 

Susan knew that Ann's son had been in a car accident, because she told her about it. 
knew had told 

Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though he is 30 years older. 
still beat tennis even years 

Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though he is 30 years younger. 
still beat even 

The police left the house and went into the garage, where they found the murder weapon. 
left went 

The police left the house and went into the garage, after they found the murder weapon. 
left went found 

The painting in Mark's living room shows an oak tree. It is to the right of the bookcase. 


The painting in Mark's living room shows an oak tree. It is to the right of a house. 


There is a gap in the wall. You can see the garden through it. 
see 

There is a gap in the wall. You can see the garden behind it. 
see 

The drain is clogged with hair. It has to be cleaned. 
be 

The drain is clogged with hair. It has to be removed. 
be 

My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, it was short, so it worked out. 
started needed catch so there was n't much was short so worked 

My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, it was delayed, so it worked out. 
started needed catch so there was n't much was so worked 

There is a pillar between me and the stage, and I can't see it. 
pillar n't see 

There is a pillar between me and the stage, and I can't see around it. 
pillar n't see 

They broadcast an announcement, but a subway came into the station and I couldn't hear it. 
came n't hear 

They broadcast an announcement, but a subway came into the station and I couldn't hear over it. 
came n't hear 

In the middle of the outdoor concert, the rain started falling, and it continued until 10. What continued until 10? 
started falling continued 

In the middle of the outdoor concert, the rain started falling, but it continued until 10.
started falling continued 

I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put it in the drawer. 
used old clean then put 

I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put it in the trash. 
used old clean then put 

Ann asked Mary what time the library closes, but she had forgotten. 
asked had 

Ann asked Mary what time the library closes, because she had forgotten. 
asked had 

I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that it would be lighter. 
took so be 

I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that it would be handy. 
took so be handy 

I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because it was too high. 
n't put was too high 

I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because it was too tall. 
n't put was too tall 

I'm sure that my map will show this building; it is very famous. 
sure show very famous 

I'm sure that my map will show this building; it is very good. 
sure show very good 

Bob paid for Charlie's college education. He is very generous. 
paid very generous 

Bob paid for Charlie's college education. He is very grateful. 
paid very grateful 

Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. He is very hurt. 
paid now acts never very 

Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. He is very ungrateful. 
paid now never very ungrateful 

Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, he would have won. 
was playing cards was had n't had sudden good have 

Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, he would have lost. 
was playing was had n't had sudden good have 

Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, he would be here by this time. 
n't leave here arrives replace had be here 

Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, he would be gone by this time. 
n't leave here replace had be 

If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, he would have gotten a lot of money. 
have 

If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, he would have lost a lot of money. 
have 

It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because it was hot. 
was was sitting got moved was hot 

It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because it was cooler. 
was was sitting got moved was 

The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but it was too cautious. 
was lying waiting was too cautious 

The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but it was too impatient. 
was lying waiting was too impatient 

Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. She is a very charming woman. 
gave birth last very charming 

Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. She is a very charming baby. 
gave birth last very charming 

At the party, Amy and her friends were chatting; her mother was frantically trying to make them stop. It was very strange behavior. 
friends were chatting was frantically trying make was very strange 

At the party, Amy and her friends were barking; her mother was frantically trying to make them stop. It was very strange behavior. 
were barking was frantically trying make was very strange 

I saw Jim yelling at some guy in a military uniform with a huge red beard. I don't know who he was, but he looked very unhappy. 
saw military huge n't know was looked very unhappy 

I saw Jim yelling at some guy in a military uniform with a huge red beard. I don't know why he was, but he looked very unhappy. 
saw military huge n't know was looked very unhappy 

The fish ate the worm. It was tasty. 
fish was tasty 

The fish ate the worm. It was hungry. 
fish was hungry 

I was trying to open the lock with the key, but someone had filled the keyhole with chewing gum, and I couldn't get it in. 
was trying open key had chewing n't get 

I was trying to open the lock with the key, but someone had filled the keyhole with chewing gum, and I couldn't get it out. 
was trying open key had chewing n't get 

The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. It waited at the top. 
chased ran waited top 

The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. It waited at the bottom. 
chased ran waited 

In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, 
fell crashed 

In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, 
fell crashed 

The customer walked into the bank and stabbed one of the tellers. He was immediately taken to the emergency room. 
walked stabbed was immediately 

The customer walked into the bank and stabbed one of the tellers. He was immediately taken to the police station. 
walked stabbed was immediately 

John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. He was very annoyed. 
was doing heard humming was very 

John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. He was very annoying. 
was doing heard humming was very annoying 

John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. 
was jogging saw juggling watermelons 

John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. 
was jogging saw juggling 

Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. He was very ill. 
collapsed saw coming was very ill 

Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. He was very concerned. 
collapsed saw coming was very 

Sam and Amy are passionately in love, but Amy's parents are unhappy about it, because they are snobs. 
passionately parents unhappy snobs 

Sam and Amy are passionately in love, but Amy's parents are unhappy about it, because they are fifteen. 
passionately unhappy 

Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. He should have been more truthful. 
told many lies included have truthful 

Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. He should have been more skeptical. 
told many included have skeptical 

Joe has sold his house and bought a new one a few miles away. He will be moving out of it on Thursday. 
bought new few miles be moving 

Joe has sold his house and bought a new one a few miles away. He will be moving into it on Thursday. 
bought new few be moving 

Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. They are gripped because Paul writes so well. 
Many people read books n't put so well 

Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. They are popular because Paul writes so well. 
Many read n't put popular so well 

Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has loved it since she was a child. 
took favorite was 

Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has had it since she was a child. 
took favorite was 

Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but it was broken, so he had to stand instead. 
pulled was so had stand instead 

Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but it was broken, so he had to sing instead. 
pulled was so had sing instead 

Since it was raining, I carried the newspaper over my backpack to keep it dry. 
was raining carried keep dry 

Since it was raining, I carried the newspaper in my backpack to keep it dry. 
was raining carried keep dry 

Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads it when she gets home from work. 
borrowed working reads 

Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes it when she gets home from work. 
borrowed working 

This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the wind knocked it down. 
built put knocked 

This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the tide knocked it down. 
built put knocked 

Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. She was out. 
knocked was was 

Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. She was disappointed. 
knocked was was 

Jane knocked on the door, and Susan answered it. She invited her to come out. 
knocked answered invited come 

Jane knocked on the door, and Susan answered it. She invited her to come in. 
knocked answered invited come 

Sam took French classes from Adam, because he was eager to speak it fluently. 
took classes was eager speak fluently 

Sam took French classes from Adam, because he was known to speak it fluently. 
took was speak fluently 

The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't reach it. 
was so n't reach 

The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't use it. 
was so n't use 

The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, it was gone. 
was morning luckily picnic was 

The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, it was out. 
was morning luckily picnic was 

We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so it was a dangerous place to swim. 
went had ocean so was dangerous swim 

We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so it was a safer place to swim. 
went had ocean so was swim 

Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but they ended up looking more like dogs. 
tried paint shepherds ended looking dogs 

Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but they ended up looking more like golfers. 
tried paint ended looking 

Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that she could sleep. 
tucked so sleep 

Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that she could work. 
tucked so work 

Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but they were not enough for the cold in Alaska. 
had very warm coats were not enough 

Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but they were not prepared for the cold in Alaska. 
had very warm were not 

Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date he had been dead for five years. 
visited had years 

Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date he had been travelling for five years. 
visited had travelling 

Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though he lived two centuries earlier. 
was greatly lived centuries 

Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though he lived two centuries later. 
was greatly lived later 

Tom's daughter Eva is engaged to Dr. Stewart, who is his partner. The two doctors have known one another for ten years. 
doctors years 

Tom's daughter Eva is engaged to Dr. Stewart, who is his partner. The two lovers have known one another for ten years. 


I can't cut that tree down with that axe; it is too thick. 
n't cut tree too thick 

I can't cut that tree down with that axe; it is too small. 
n't cut tree too small 

The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to guard them. 
foxes getting attacking have guard 

The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to kill them. 
getting attacking have kill 

The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. They have gotten very bold. 
foxes getting attacking very bold 

The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. They have gotten very nervous. 
getting attacking very nervous 

Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened them when the wind stopped. 
covered eyes hands was blowing opened stopped 

Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered them when the wind stopped. 
covered was blowing lowered stopped 

The actress used to be named Terpsichore, but she changed it to Tina a few years ago, because she figured it was easier to pronounce. Which name was easier 
used be changed few years ago figured was name was 

The actress used to be named Terpsichore, but she changed it to Tina a few years ago, because she figured it was too hard to pronounce. 
used be changed few ago figured was too hard pronounce 

Fred watched TV while George went out to buy groceries. After an hour he got up. 
watched went buy got 

Fred watched TV while George went out to buy groceries. After an hour he got back. 
watched went buy got 

Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher, but he put it off, because he wanted to watch TV. But the show turned out to be boring, so he changed his mind and turned it on. 
was run put wanted watch turned be boring so changed turned 

Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher, but he put it off, because he wanted to watch TV. But the show turned out to be boring, so he changed his mind and turned it off. 
was run put wanted watch turned be boring so changed turned 

Fred is the only man still alive who remembers my great-grandfather. He is a remarkable man. -grandfather.
only still alive remembers remarkable 

Fred is the only man still alive who remembers my great-grandfather. He was a remarkable man. -grandfather.
only still alive was remarkable 

Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, he was twelve years old. 
only alive still first saw was twelve years old 

Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, he was twelve months old. 
only alive still first saw was twelve old 

In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, they were victorious within weeks. Who was victorious 
declared was much ten were victorious was victorious 

In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, they were defeated within weeks. Who was defeated 
declared was much ten were was 

Elizabeth moved her company from Sparta to Troy to save money on taxes; the taxes are much higher there. 
moved save taxes taxes much 

Elizabeth moved her company from Sparta to Troy to save money on taxes; the taxes are much lower there. 
moved save much 

Esther figures that she will save shipping costs if she builds her factory in Springfield instead of Franklin, because most of her customers live there. 
figures save costs instead customers there 

Esther figures that she will save shipping costs if she builds her factory in Springfield instead of Franklin, because none of her customers live there. 
save instead there 

Look! There is a shark swimming right below that duck! It had better get away to safety fast! 
swimming had away fast 

Look! There is a minnow swimming right below that duck! It had better get away to safety fast! 
swimming had away fast 

There are too many deer in the park, so the park service brought in a small pack of wolves. The population should increase over the next few years. 
too many so brought small increase next few years 

There are too many deer in the park, so the park service brought in a small pack of wolves. The population should decrease over the next few years. 
too many so brought small decrease next few 

Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. They hunted for deer on the river banks. 
Archaeologists humans lived years hunted banks 

Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. They hunted for evidence on the river banks. 
lived hunted 

The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. They appeared two years ago. 
scientists studying species fish recently appeared years ago 

The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. They began two years ago. 
studying fish recently began ago 

The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. They were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time. 
journalists interviewed stars new were very cooperative so lasted long 

The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. They were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time. 
interviewed new were very persistent so lasted long 

The police arrested all of the gang members. They were trying to run the drug trade in the neighborhood. 
arrested were trying run 

The police arrested all of the gang members. They were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood. 
arrested were trying stop 

I put the cake away in the refrigerator. It has a lot of butter in it. 
put away 

I put the cake away in the refrigerator. It has a lot of leftovers in it. 
put away 

Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now they should be better. 
broke ankles walking so now be 

Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now they should be unnecessary. 
broke walking so now be unnecessary 

When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. They were very much in the majority. 
sponsors got were find was full were very much 

When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. They were very much in the minority. 
got were find was full were very much 

Everyone really loved the oatmeal cookies; only a few people liked the chocolate chip cookies. Next time, we should make more of them. Which cookie should we make more of, 
really loved cookies only few people make make 

Everyone really loved the oatmeal cookies; only a few people liked the chocolate chip cookies. Next time, we should make fewer of them. Which cookie should we make fewer of, 
really loved only few make make 

 We can't put a copy of the program on every chair in the theater. There are too many of them. There are too many 
n't put too many too many 

We can't put a copy of the program on every chair in the theater. There are not enough of them. 
n't put not enough 

I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, it left a hole. 
stuck pulled left 

I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, it had a hole. 
stuck pulled had 

I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because it got full of ink. 
n't find so tried using stir turned be bad got full 

I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because it got full of coffee. 
n't find so tried using stir turned be bad got full 

Steve follows Fred's example in everything. He admires him hugely. 
hugely 

Steve follows Fred's example in everything. He influences him hugely. 
hugely 

The table won't fit through the doorway because it is too wide. 
n't fit too wide 

The table won't fit through the doorway because it is too narrow. 
n't fit too narrow 

Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks it looks great on her. 
was happy trade great 

Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks it looks dowdy on her. 
was happy trade 

Bill thinks that calling attention to himself was rude to Bert. 
calling was rude 

Bill thinks that calling attention to himself was rude of Bert. 
calling was rude 

John hired Bill to take care of him. 
hired take 

John hired himself out to Bill to take care of him. 
hired take 

John promised Bill to leave, so an hour later he left. 
promised leave so later left 

John ordered Bill to leave, so an hour later he left. 
ordered leave so later left 

Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties he faced in his childhood. -trivial step to realize that the research is associated with the author rather than the subject of the biography.
general conveys vivid difficulties faced -trivial realize rather 

Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties he faced in his research.
general vivid faced 

Emma's mother had died long ago, and her place had been taken by an excellent woman as governess. 
had long ago had 

Emma's mother had died long ago, and her education had been managed by an excellent woman as governess. 
had long ago had 

Jane knocked on Susan's door but she did not answer. 
knocked did not answer 

Jane knocked on Susan's door but she did not get an answer. 
knocked did not get 

Joe paid the detective after he received the final report on the case. 
paid detective received final 

Joe paid the detective after he delivered the final report on the case. 
paid detective delivered final 

Beth didn't get angry with Sally, who had cut her off, because she stopped and counted to ten. 
did n't get angry had stopped ten 

Beth didn't get angry with Sally, who had cut her off, because she stopped and apologized. 
did n't get angry had stopped 

Jim signaled the barman and gestured toward his empty glass. 
signaled gestured 

Jim signaled the barman and gestured toward his bathroom key. 
signaled gestured 

Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because his "Dibs!" was quicker. 
took claimed was 

Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because his "Dibs!" was slow. 
took claimed was slow 

Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he took his bishop. 
said took 

Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he moved his bishop. 
said moved 

As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, she could see the landing strip. 
passed see 

As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, she could see the landing gear. 
passed see 

Tom gave Ralph a lift to school so he wouldn't have to walk. 
gave n't have walk 

Tom gave Ralph a lift to school so he wouldn't have to drive alone. 
gave n't have drive alone 

Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because he was full. 
passed half-empty was full 

Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because he was hungry. 
passed half-empty was hungry 

Bill passed the gameboy to John because his turn was over. 
passed was 

Bill passed the gameboy to John because his turn was next. 
passed was next 

The man lifted the boy onto his bunk bed. 
lifted bed 

The man lifted the boy onto his shoulders. 
lifted 

Patting her back, the woman smiled at the girl. 
Patting smiled 

Stretching her back, the woman smiled at the girl. 
Stretching smiled 

Billy cried because Toby wouldn't share his toy. 
Billy cried n't share 

Billy cried because Toby wouldn't accept his toy. 
Billy cried n't accept 

Lily spoke to Donna, breaking her concentration. 
Lily spoke breaking 

Lily spoke to Donna, breaking her silence. 
Lily spoke breaking 

When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave him a stern look. 
dropped giggled so father gave 

When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave him a sympathetic look. 
dropped giggled so father gave sympathetic 

As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, his legs dangled. 
carried long steps legs dangled 

As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, his legs ached. 
carried long ached 

The father carried the sleeping boy in his arms. 
carried arms 

The father carried the sleeping boy in his bassinet. 
carried 

The woman held the girl against her chest. 
held 

The woman held the girl against her will. 
held 

Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. They were embarrassed about it. 
parents came found having were 

Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. They were furious about it. 
came found having were furious 

Dr. Adams informed Kate that she had cancer and presented several options for future treatment. 
informed had presented several options future 

Dr. Adams informed Kate that she had retired and presented several options for future treatment. 
informed had several future 

Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. He is very compassionate. 
had stop toying very compassionate 

Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. He is very cruel. 
had stop toying very cruel 

George got free tickets to the play, but he gave them to Eric because he was particularly eager to see it.
got free tickets gave was particularly eager see 

George got free tickets to the play, but he gave them to Eric even though he was not particularly eager to see it.
got free gave even was not particularly eager see 

Jane gave Joan candy because she was hungry. 
gave was hungry 

Jane gave Joan candy because she wasn't hungry. 
gave was n't hungry 

I tried to paint a picture of an orchard, with lemons in the lemon trees, but they came out looking more like light bulbs . 
tried paint lemons trees came looking light bulbs 

I tried to paint a picture of an orchard, with lemons in the lemon trees, but they came out looking more like  telephone poles. 
tried paint came looking 

James asked Robert for a favor but he refused. 
asked refused 

James asked Robert for a favor but he was refused. 
asked was 

Kirilov ceded the presidency to Shatov because he was more popular. 
ceded was popular 

Kirilov ceded the presidency to Shatov because he was less popular. 
ceded was popular 

Emma did not pass the ball to Janie although she was open.
did not pass was open 

Emma did not pass the ball to Janie although she saw that she was open. 
did not pass saw was open 

Joe saw his brother skiing on TV last night but the fool didn't recognize him.
saw skiing last did n't recognize 

Joe saw his brother skiing on TV last night but the fool didn't have a coat on.
saw skiing last did n't have coat 