The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because they feared violence. 
The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because it's too small. 
Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help she had given. 
Paul tried to call George on the phone, but he wasn't successful. 
The lawyer asked the witness a question, but he was reluctant to answer it . 
The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because it was going so fast. 
Frank felt vindicated when his longtime rival Bill revealed that he was the winner of the competition. 
The man couldn't lift his son because he was so weak. 
The large ball crashed right through the table because it was made of steel.
John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because he is so short. 
Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after he reached the top of the stairs. 
Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because she had such a good start. 
The sculpture rolled off the shelf because it wasn't anchored. 
Sam's drawing was hung just above Tina's and it did look much better with another one below it. 
Anna did a lot better than her good friend Lucy on the test because she had studied so hard. 
The firemen arrived after the police because they were coming from so far away. 
Frank was upset with Tom because the toaster he had bought from him didn't work. 
Jim yelled at Kevin because he was so upset. 
The sack of potatoes had been placed above the bag of flour, so it had to be moved first. 
Pete envies Martin because he is very successful. 
I was trying to balance the bottle upside down on the table, but I couldn't do it because it was so top-heavy. 
I spread the cloth on the table in order to protect it. 
The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued them. 
I poured water from the bottle into the cup until it was full. 
Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because she is nosy. 
Sid explained his theory to Mark but he couldn't convince him. 
Susan knew that Ann's son had been in a car accident, so she told her about it. 
Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though he is 30 years older. 
The police left the house and went into the garage, where they found the murder weapon. 
The painting in Mark's living room shows an oak tree. It is to the right of the bookcase. 
There is a gap in the wall. You can see the garden through it. 
The drain is clogged with hair. It has to be cleaned. 
My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, it was short, so it worked out. 
There is a pillar between me and the stage, and I can't see it. 
They broadcast an announcement, but a subway came into the station and I couldn't hear it. 
In the middle of the outdoor concert, the rain started falling, and it continued until 10. What continued until 10? 
I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put it in the drawer. 
Ann asked Mary what time the library closes, but she had forgotten. 
I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that it would be lighter. 
I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because it was too high. 
I'm sure that my map will show this building; it is very famous. 
Bob paid for Charlie's college education. He is very generous. 
Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. He is very hurt. 
Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, he would have won. 
Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, he would be here by this time. 
If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, he would have gotten a lot of money. 
It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because it was hot. 
The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but it was too cautious. 
Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. She is a very charming woman. 
At the party, Amy and her friends were chatting; her mother was frantically trying to make them stop. It was very strange behavior. 
I saw Jim yelling at some guy in a military uniform with a huge red beard. I don't know who he was, but he looked very unhappy. 
The fish ate the worm. It was tasty. 
I was trying to open the lock with the key, but someone had filled the keyhole with chewing gum, and I couldn't get it in. 
The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. It waited at the top. 
In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, 
The customer walked into the bank and stabbed one of the tellers. He was immediately taken to the emergency room. 
John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. He was very annoyed. 
John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. 
Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. He was very ill. 
Sam and Amy are passionately in love, but Amy's parents are unhappy about it, because they are snobs. 
Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. He should have been more truthful. 
Joe has sold his house and bought a new one a few miles away. He will be moving out of it on Thursday. 
Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. They are gripped because Paul writes so well. 
Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has loved it since she was a child. 
Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but it was broken, so he had to stand instead. 
Since it was raining, I carried the newspaper over my backpack to keep it dry. 
Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads it when she gets home from work. 
This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the wind knocked it down. 
Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. She was out. 
Jane knocked on the door, and Susan answered it. She invited her to come out. 
Sam took French classes from Adam, because he was eager to speak it fluently. 
The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't reach it. 
The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, it was gone. 
We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so it was a dangerous place to swim. 
Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but they ended up looking more like dogs. 
Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that she could sleep. 
Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but they were not enough for the cold in Alaska. 
Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date he had been dead for five years. 
Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though he lived two centuries earlier. 
Tom's daughter Eva is engaged to Dr. Stewart, who is his partner. The two doctors have known one another for ten years. 
I can't cut that tree down with that axe; it is too thick. 
The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to guard them. 
The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. They have gotten very bold. 
Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened them when the wind stopped. 
The actress used to be named Terpsichore, but she changed it to Tina a few years ago, because she figured it was easier to pronounce. Which name was easier 
Fred watched TV while George went out to buy groceries. After an hour he got up. 
Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher, but he put it off, because he wanted to watch TV. But the show turned out to be boring, so he changed his mind and turned it on. 
Fred is the only man still alive who remembers my great-grandfather. He is a remarkable man. -grandfather.
Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, he was twelve years old. 
In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, they were victorious within weeks. Who was victorious 
Elizabeth moved her company from Sparta to Troy to save money on taxes; the taxes are much higher there. 
Esther figures that she will save shipping costs if she builds her factory in Springfield instead of Franklin, because most of her customers live there. 
Look! There is a shark swimming right below that duck! It had better get away to safety fast! 
There are too many deer in the park, so the park service brought in a small pack of wolves. The population should increase over the next few years. 
Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. They hunted for deer on the river banks. 
The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. They appeared two years ago. 
The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. They were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time. 
The police arrested all of the gang members. They were trying to run the drug trade in the neighborhood. 
I put the cake away in the refrigerator. It has a lot of butter in it. 
Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now they should be better. 
When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. They were very much in the majority. 
Everyone really loved the oatmeal cookies; only a few people liked the chocolate chip cookies. Next time, we should make more of them. Which cookie should we make more of, 
 We can't put a copy of the program on every chair in the theater. There are too many of them. There are too many 
I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, it left a hole. 
I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because it got full of ink. 
Steve follows Fred's example in everything. He admires him hugely. 
The table won't fit through the doorway because it is too wide. 
Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks it looks great on her. 
Bill thinks that calling attention to himself was rude to Bert. 
John hired Bill to take care of him. 
John promised Bill to leave, so an hour later he left. 
Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties he faced in his childhood. -trivial step to realize that the research is associated with the author rather than the subject of the biography.
Emma's mother had died long ago, and her place had been taken by an excellent woman as governess. 
Jane knocked on Susan's door but she did not answer. 
Joe paid the detective after he received the final report on the case. 
Beth didn't get angry with Sally, who had cut her off, because she stopped and counted to ten. 
Jim signaled the barman and gestured toward his empty glass. 
Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because his "Dibs!" was quicker. 
Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he took his bishop. 
As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, she could see the landing strip. 
Tom gave Ralph a lift to school so he wouldn't have to walk. 
Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because he was full. 
Bill passed the gameboy to John because his turn was over. 
The man lifted the boy onto his bunk bed. 
Patting her back, the woman smiled at the girl. 
Billy cried because Toby wouldn't share his toy. 
Lily spoke to Donna, breaking her concentration. 
When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave him a stern look. 
As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, his legs dangled. 
The father carried the sleeping boy in his arms. 
The woman held the girl against her chest. 
Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. They were embarrassed about it. 
Dr. Adams informed Kate that she had cancer and presented several options for future treatment. 
Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. He is very compassionate. 
George got free tickets to the play, but he gave them to Eric because he was particularly eager to see it.
Jane gave Joan candy because she was hungry. 
I tried to paint a picture of an orchard, with lemons in the lemon trees, but they came out looking more like light bulbs . 
James asked Robert for a favor but he refused. 
Kirilov ceded the presidency to Shatov because he was more popular. 
Emma did not pass the ball to Janie although she was open.
Joe saw his brother skiing on TV last night but the fool didn't recognize him.